doc: Add Akenza Core webhook integration guide (#2787)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/integrations/webhooks/cloud-integrations/akenza-core/tts-setup/_index.md

---
title: "Creating a Webhook"
description: ""
weight: 2
---

> Once you completed the setup in Akenza Core, follow this section to create the Webhook integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have completed the setup in Akenza Core, follow this section to create the Webhook integration.
```

> Once you have prepared the setup in Akenza Core, follow this section to create the Webhook integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you completed the setup in Akenza Core, follow this section to create the Webhook integration.
```

Reviewer: @laurensslats you are creating more typos!

Once you have prepared or once you have completed

<!--more-->

>Note: this section follows the [HTTP Webhooks]({{< ref "/integrations/webhooks" >}}) guide. 

> Fill in the **Webhook ID** field and choose **JSON** for **Webhook format**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill in the **Webhook ID** field and choose **JSON** for the **Webhook format**. 
```

> Paste the copied **HTTP Uplink URL** from Akenza Core in **Base URL** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the copied **HTTP Uplink URL** from Akenza Core in the **Base URL** field.
```

> To send uplink messages to Akenza Core, check the **Enabled** box next to the **Uplink message**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send uplink messages to Akenza Core, check the **Enabled** box next to **Uplink message**. 
```

> In order to send uplink messages to Akenza Core, check the **Enabled** box next to the **Uplink message**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send uplink messages to Akenza Core, check the **Enabled** box next to **Uplink message**. 
```

{{< figure src="creating-webhook.png" alt="Akenza Core webhook" >}}

> After creating the integration, you will be able to see uplink messages in JSON format coming to Akenza Core if you navigate to **Inventory** &#8594; device &#8594; **DATA**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the integration, you will be able to see uplink messages in JSON format in Akenza Core in the **Inventory** &#8594; **Device** &#8594; **Data** menu.
```

> After creating the integration, you will be able to see uplink messages in JSON format in Akenza Core if you navigate to the **Data** tab of the created device (which can be found in the **Inventory**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating the integration, you are able to see uplink messages in JSON format in Akenza Core in the **Data** tab of the created device (which can be found in the **Inventory**).
```

Reviewer: Haha you have to ignore @laurensslats on this, the english is "You will be able to"

After creating the integration, you will be able to see uplink messages in JSON format in Akenza Core in the **Data** tab of the created device (which can be found in the **Inventory**).

Reviewer 2: Uhf! Might need to take another language course..
